== PERSON

lastName: string
firstName: string
middleName: string
birthDate: 14.05.2018
birthPlace: Место Рождения
citizenship: Гражданство
email: string[]
phone: string[]
fax: string[]

document: ==DOCUMENT[]

registrationAddress: ==ADDRESS
isAddressSame: on
residenceAddress: ==ADDRESS
postAddress: string

inn: string
insuranceNumber: string

isIpdl: true
ipdlNumber: string
ipdlEmployerInfo: string
ipdlPosition: string
ipdlRelation: Степень родства
ipdlFinance: string

isRpdl: true
rpdlName: string
rpdlEmployerInfo: string
rpdlPosition: string
rpdlRelation: Степень родства
rpdlFinance: string

beneficial: ==PERSON[]

relationshipWithBankType1: on
relationshipWithBankType2: on
relationshipWithBankType3: on
relationshipWithBankType4: on
relationshipWithBankType5: on
relationshipWithBank: string

purposes1: on
purposes2: on
purposes3: on
purposes: string

financialPosition: string
reputation: string

sources1: on
sources2: on
sources3: on
sources4: on
sources5: on
sources6: on
sources: string

== ADDRESS

== DOCUMENT
documentType: string
documentSeries: string
documentNumber: string
documentIssueDate: 14.05.2018
documentIssuePlace: string
documentDepartmentCode: string
